Quick lecture. I just want to show you what I mean by browser having default CSS styles.
What do I mean, and let me prove it to you, right now.
Quick lecture.
So let's create a HTML page quickly.
Let's just get Notepad, okay, and lets just type HTML body paragraph.
Hello World.
Close body.
Close HTML, okay.
Let's just say this to the desktop "Save As". Make sure you save it at "test.html".
Otherwise it won't work.
Where is it, where is it? There it is, here. Okay.
And let's give it a go.
Here it is.
OK.
"Hello World". You can see its displaying, over here.
Let's just inspect this quickly.
So guys, this is what's interesting, right?
I did not format that "Hello World".
I didn't put the margins at the top.
You can see if you look closely, there's like a, let me just zoom in here for you,
you can see there is space here, there is literally space.
I didn't put that in there.
And when you inspect this, you can see here there's a paragraph element. And all these things here,
the padding, I didn't do that. You saw that I didn't do that.
And you can see this word here:
"user agent stylesheet".
This means that this is the default stylesheet applied by Google Chrome
in this case, that's what I'm using.
And if you look at the bottom right, you can see here is Times New Roman.
Hang on, my video is in the way.
Sorry.
Let me quickly move it.
There you go.
So you can see here, at the bottom right, this (font) is Times New Roman.
So there you go.
Just wanted to prove it to you.
That browsers have default CSS styles.
Let's continue.